Do you like my sword, sword?
Sword, my diamond sword, sword
You can not afford, 'ford
Ford, my diamond sword, sword
Even if you could, could
I have a patent!
No one else can make a sword
Exactly in this manner, manner
Welcome to my manor, manor
I ca ca ca canna canna
Swing, swing, swing my sword, sword
Whenever I get bored, bored
I can swing my sword, sword
I can swing my sword, sword!
Once I hit the floor boards
But I had it restored
And it was expensive
But it was a write off!
Swinging is my business
And by that I mean swinging swords
Please do not ignore
Do you like my sword?  Ha!
That was rhetorical
You know I am the oracle
I know you like my sword
It's made of freakin' diamonds
If you don't you're lying
But that would be fine
Because it is awesome
And you're probably jealous!
I can swing my sword, sword
'Cause I am the lord, lord
Lord of diamond swooooorrrrrddddssssah!
HA HA HA HA HA!
Gabuscus: SHUT UP!
Tobuscus: Wa-Wa-What?
Gabuscus: Give it... Gimme the Sword.
Tobuscus: NOO!  No, It's Mine!  It's Mine!
Awwww....
Gabuscus: Give it!  No.  Nope Nope.
Gabuscus:  Shut up.
Tobuscus:  I'll see you in Court!
Ohhh right...